One side of the armed conflicts consists mainly of the Sudanese military and the Jaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mainly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rezigat region of Sudan.
The Jeddah is the main road to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lives.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud.
His next work, Saturday, tells the story of a particularly eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster, wraps a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, quickly crawls eastward, pulling the cord with all his might.
He died there six weeks later, on January 13, 888.
They are culturally related to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been awarded the Colin Mears Prize of £5,000.
The drummers are followed by dancers who often play the sogo (a small drum that produces almost no sound) and usually have more elaborate choreography, even with acrobatic elements.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christian Huygens.
Alessandro ("Sanro") Mazzola (born November 8, 1942) is a former Italian footballer.
Initially, it was believed that the debris that fell from the collision filled smaller craters.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, where he received a bachelor's degree in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs slightly from the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposed to leaving the EU.
By the end of the nineteenth century, many species had become extinct, along with the settlement of Europeans.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today, the NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located on the shores of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
He was also named Sports Illustrated's 1982 Sportsman of the Year.
Fives is a British sport that is believed to have the same origin as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday, the whole of Thailand will be decorated in yellow.
Both names ceased to exist in 2007, when they were merged into the National Museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore imitated numerous styles, including crafts from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October fourteen, 1960, presidential candidate Kennedy proposed the concept of what is known as the Peace Corps on the steps of the University of Michigan.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the series "Great Speeches at the White House," which was broadcast on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn (with Terry) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to become the WWF European Champion (8:10). Saturn pinned Guerrero after falling on his elbow.
She remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered at the end of July 1989 using images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on September 4, 1921 in Brescia.
He has also completed two collections of short stories, The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
In the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia looks like an elongated object with its main axis pointing toward Uranus.
The British decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the southeastern part of Western Australia, from the border with South Australia almost to Kaiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
In architectural decorations, small pieces of colored and multicolored shells are used to create mosaics and stickers, which are used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek would destroy the Galaxy, Clank asked Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero, Captain Quirk, to stop Drek.
Actually, it's not a real louse.
He advocates for the application of user-centered design in product development cycles and works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone on the other side of the world whom they have never met in person.
Working Group I. Summarizes the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The chain of islands is part of the Hebrides, separated from the mainland of Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the turbulent waters of the Minch and Little Minch rivers and the Hebrides Sea.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Maria Orton on July 12, 2008.
The official designations of minor planets are combinations of numbers and names that are controlled by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
By the morning of September 30, the wind strength began to increase sharply and began to weaken.
Each record has a datum (a piece of data), which is a copy of the datum in some data store.
As a result, although many mosques do not punish violations, both men and women are required to follow these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Maril of Redwall is a fictional novel by Brian Jacques published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born July 10, 1988) is a professional rugby league player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of which were prepared by working groups.
Their granddaughter Helen Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a renowned biochemist.
This stamp remained a standard postage stamp until the end of Victoria's reign, and it was printed in huge quantities.
The International Fighting League was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion that was positioned as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia (synonyms: Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis) are flagellated protozoa that colonize and multiply in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
In addition, Cameron often worked in productions with Christian themes, including the films about the Rapture, Left Behind: Left Behind II: The Power of Grief" and "Left Behind: A World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the territory east of the mouth of the Vistula River, which was later called "Prussia proper."
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts recorded in the Gospel of Matthew, particularly in the Gospel of Luke.
Later, Welks got into trouble with the authorities of Chichester Cathedral because of his drinking and intemperate behavior.
So far, the "star" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Kliner, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen Sinnott in images of the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979, in the orbit of Jupiter.
Gomaespuma is a Spanish radio program hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fessera.
On June 16, 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of "The Resistance".
He is also a member of another jungle boy band, 183 Club.
Apostolic Tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, confirms the singing of Hallel's psalms with the chorus "Hallelujah" at early Christian festivals.
In response, Rollo swore an oath to Charles, converted to Christianity, and began to defend the northern part of France from the invasion of other Vikings.
It comes from the special English of the Voice of America.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hyperhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden (Switzerland).
It continues to exist as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion among consumers when 220 (1,048,576) bytes are referred to as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MB.
This case has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in science.
They are neutered to make the animal more obedient or to gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" (special magical abilities), and seventh sons of seventh sons are extremely rare and powerful.
A 2009 study by PassMark Software found that it takes 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan, and 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is a city in the Tuscan region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itching and pain were not considered independent of each other until recently, when it was discovered that itching has several features in common with pain, but also shows marked differences.
The tongue is sticky due to the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucus, which lubricates movements inside and outside the muzzle and helps catch ants and termites that stick to it.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate during preliminary tests.
Outside the stadium, there are statues of Sir Elf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, former managers of Ipswich Town and the England national team.
Take the square root of the variance.
The volunteers provided the stadium residents with food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages and a rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Guisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France.
If there is no strict control over land use, buildings are built along the bypass road, turning it into a regular city road, and over time, the bypass road can become as congested as the local streets it was intended to bypass.
It's also a starting point for those who want to explore Cooktown, the Cape York Peninsula, and Atherton.
Bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else associated with Wikipedia can in any way be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked to these web pages.
Georg Friedrich Handel was also the Kapellmeister of George, Elector of Hanover (who later became George I of Great Britain).
Their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor.
Only chitin competes with biological materials in terms of strength.
Oregano is an integral part of Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be purchased on National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and the Oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned works.
The historical method is the technique and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
It is believed that the huge weight of the continental glacier lying on top of Lake Vostok contributes to the high concentration of oxygen.
By 2000, the population was 89,148.
Illiteracy (sometimes called alliteration) is a condition where a person can read but is not interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine.
It will then release itself and sink back to the bottom of the river to digest its food and wait for the next meal.
In addition, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime when someone knows them, trusts them and/or cares about them.
Today, Landis' father has become an ardent supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after it reached the fourth level, the hurricane's external convection became uneven.
The equilibrium price of certain types of labor is a salary.
Convinced that these territories were haunted, they decided to publish their discoveries in the book "Adventure" (1911), under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morrison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself mainly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee shop and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers in the newly conquered territory.
In 1438, Trevi came under the temporary administration of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia, and since then its history has merged first with the history of the Church's states, and then (in 1860) with the united Kingdom of Italy.
The cyclone moved inland on the 20th as a convectionless circulation and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The Housing Authority Police Department is a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current lineup consists of Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClean (drums).
Human rights defender countries with minority Muslim populations are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to encourage civic participation.
The characters are ugly extensions of their former heroes Pete and Dad.
Johan was also the first bassist of the Swedish metal band Electron Fall, but he left the band before the band released their high school album.
In 1998, Quinver ran for secretary of state in Iowa and won.
In 1990, Marc Messier defeated Ray Burke by two votes. The difference was only one vote for first place.
Shade launches the main plot of the novel when he unrestrainedly defies this law and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forces them to migrate prematurely, and forces him to separate from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm hit, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of the game is rapid chess, in which each participant has a total of twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is a part of South America bordering the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Later, the two former presidents were separately charged with rebellion and treason for their role in the 1979 coup d'état and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage spread along the Atlantic coast and inland, as far as West Virginia.
Since the owner is unaware of this, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave passed through the Atlantic Ocean and formed a tropical cyclone off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the Associated Press directory is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke, and the Gospel of John, probably written between 65 and 100 CE (see also the Epistle to the Hebrews).
Since the end of the XIX century, Eshelbronn has been known for its furniture industry.
The upper half also resembles the coats of arms of the former regional Oberbarnum.
Unlike clouds on Earth, which are made up of ice crystals, Neptune's clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach the age of majority.
Development releases are rare, but Subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use are often available
Finally, in 1482, the Order sent him to Florence, the city of his destiny.
During the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks, St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George's Cathedral in Nakhchivan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid (Spain) and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment conducted by Stanley Miller and Harold Urey in 1953.
A heat engine or power plant can generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
Sometimes the male "den master" also allows a second male to enter the den; the reason for this is unclear.
The Wikipedia engine is a JavaScript and/or CSS snippet that can be enabled by simply checking an option in the Wikipedia settings.
Below you will find useful links to help you with this.
He was Prime Minister of Egypt in 1945-1946, and 1946-1948.
It was left behind (explanations vary) when the rest of the Nicolaeans were transported to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Knight of the King's Chapel, where he served as organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially hinted that he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that grew up around it as an end in itself, even if the United Nations or other international organizations would never adopt Esperanto.
The dry air that enveloped the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by the morning of September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Paula Braun, died as Eva Anna Paula Hitler (February 6, 1912), was a longtime friend, and for a short time, the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license is assigned a special number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but they do require users to set up a nickname before connecting.
That same year, he also earned his mechanic's certificate, becoming the youngest certified aircraft mechanic in New York City.
SummerSlam (2009) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event organized by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) that will take place on August 23, 2009 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually depicted as bald, with a long mustache, and is said to be the embodiment of the Southern Aurora Borealis.
Some animals have a chromatic response, changing color when the environment changes, either seasonally (ermine, marmot hare) or much more quickly due to chromatophores in their coats (cephalopod family).
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship in 14:10 with Venis pinning Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of creating multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together on universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was the director of the orchestra at Yale.
The largest Mennonite populations live in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Mennonites can also be found in close-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or among the populations of those countries.
Naas is the main city of the "Dublin suburbs" and many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
The armor of the Acantopholis period consisted of oval plates applied almost horizontally to the skin, with spikes sticking out from the neck and shoulder, along the spine.
The Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Lawrence Railroad.
On the other hand, the bills proposed by the Law Commission and the consolidation bills are starting in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final liberation in 1474, when he began preparations for the conquest of Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a five-word excerpt as front cover text and a 25-word excerpt as back cover text to the end of the list of cover text in the revised version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is an elastic tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light (this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets).
Montjeu is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the south of France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
McGruber starts out asking for simple items to make something to defuse the bomb, but then he gets distracted by something (usually related to his personal life) that makes him not have time.
When Messiaen died, the work was almost complete, and Yvonne Lorio took over the orchestration of the final movement on the advice of George Benjamin.
Shiite Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The PPD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawatra, whom the PPD accused of being Thaksin's supporters.
Despite the fact that traveling in very remote areas, on secluded roads, requires planning in advance and a suitable, reliable vehicle (usually a four-wheeler).
While working in Caen, he was the chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to go to a rehearsal, and he and Dr. Sean leave.
Britpop appeared on the British music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This absorbed the battalions that had been formed to create the International XI Brigade.
At the moment, the Shepherd line has fewer riders than the other two metro lines, and shorter trains run here.
It has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the State of Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are quite long and rich in content, while others are shorter (possibly cropped) and of lower quality.
Currently, about 95 species are accepted.
It is said that Euguru was named after an "indigenous Australian word" meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for a moving image are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the power of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best meet the needs of their home society.
After that, he wrote several more works about Hiawatha: "The Death of Minneapolis," "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha," and "The Departure of Hiawatha."
The state capital is Arakaju.
Despite this, Farrenk was paid less than her male colleagues for almost a decade.
"Gumbasia was created in a style that Vorkapic called "Kinesthetic Principles of Cinema."
The lawyer Brandon (Wise Lee) became his idol, and MKSun grew up to become a lawyer.
ISBN 1-8764-14-3 is a historic town located near Corra, in central-western New South Wales, Australia, in the Caboolna Shire.
Donaldson, who had a military career, joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Seers from California, Europe, and China also excavated along the Pel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most common tool for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level gray-scale display, improved battery life, 20% faster page refresh, text-to-speech for reading aloud, and a reduced overall thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Over the centuries (see below), alternative views on this topic have been proposed, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian organizations.
However, the album was banned from many music stores across the country.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by pulling the plug on Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent talk of his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company has opened twice as many Canadian locations as McDonald's. "Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March," Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and sales across the system also exceeded those of McDonald's Canadian units as of 2002.
Capt. Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter from Albany, Georgia, who firmly adheres to the motto of all firefighters, "Never leave a partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the vote.
This plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only artist allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration. Stravinsky first conceived of composing a ballet in 1913.
Protests across the country were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern Xi'an).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessier (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and teacher.
According to reports, this tool was almost impossible to manage.
Santa Maria Maggiore (St. Mary the Great), the oldest church in Assisi that has survived to this day.
Characteristic radioactive observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine covering the rail, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
In 1988, he was appointed an Honorary Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
In Loesch, there are installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for collecting electronic intelligence.
A pack of matches is a small cardboard folder (matchbook) that contains a number of matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to speak out against cigarette smoking in the presence of children and drug use by pregnant women.
She resolutely vowed to never renounce the commune and told the judge to sentence her to death.
The Graystripe Trilogy is a three-volume original English-language manga that tells the story of Graystripe from the moment he was captured by Two-Footed at Dawn to his return to the Thunderclan in the movie Sightings.
Samovar & Porter (1994), p. 84. Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who worked as deliverymen had daily contact with Americans.
He was also famous for his engravings, book covers, posters, and metal garden furniture.
During her childhood, she suffered from affected lungs twice, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix and a tonsil cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for the conservation of hollow tree species such as lead possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Low-power inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors.
The term "gribble" was originally applied to species that bore into wood, especially the first species described by Rathke in Norway in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds caused by batons are commonly known as bruises or blunt force trauma.
After that, the county government was held in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became a district town in 1596.
No skater has ever been able to perform a quadruple axel in a competition.
From a telephone conversation, the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbor.
However, even for those who enter the mosque prayer hall without the intention of praying, certain rules still apply.
It is described as pointed at the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer activity is characterized by the amount of useful work a computer system does compared to the time and resources it uses.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the Volga.
The staff symbolizes the monasteries of this region.
Human skin can vary from dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official registration of the bank as part of a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced plans to try Saddam, but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the leadership of Bovis, a company registered in the Internet portal.
Among the notable design features are key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key layout.
Ian Griffe (born February 19, 1987 in Yavangheni, Botswana) is a rugby league player for Bristol Ruby in the Guinness Premiership.
Neighboring settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Bomesnil.
The quark model was proposed by independent physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39, when the column was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from the countries of West Germany, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Primavera is a painting by Italian Renaissance artist Sandro Botticelli, ca. 1482.
The largest capital of New South Wales is Sydney.
Most often, it is epoxy resin, but sometimes other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are used.
The name has survived as a brand for its associated digital TV channel, digital radio station, and website, which survived the demise of the print magazine.
When he was four and a half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various shelters and traveling around the cities with groups of other street children.
Eventually, during the 1980s and 1990s, when the grounds were modernized, stands were added behind each group of gates.
A city can be called a market city or a city with market rights even if it no longer has a market, provided that the right to it still exists.
The bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
European events July 29 - Battle of Sticklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and dies in battle.
Others suggest that Treska was eliminated by the NKVD in retaliation for criticizing the Stalinist regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only when you have a good reason to do so.
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that the reports of unrest were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb of London Borough of Croydon (England).
Depending on the context, another close meaning of the word "voter" is a citizen who lives in the territory governed, represented or otherwise served by a politician; sometimes this concept is limited to the citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute for European History in Mainz and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the French movie Taxi 3 in 2003.
Instead, the crew constructed a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to a "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving down the Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The papers from the conference were published the following year in the book Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelpers et al.
The Wario Land is a series of platformers that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
"Opus 57" by Fredric Chopin is a lullaby for solo piano.
Such attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical.
One historian noted that "quinine's effectiveness gave colonists new opportunities to settle the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa."
In addition, spectroscopic studies indicate that the water contains minerals and silicates, which indicate a rather stony surface composition.
She became an authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks similar to the Moon: it is heavily cratered with areas of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no significant atmosphere.
Geography. This city is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
It is an ideal habitat for chinkara, wild boar, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled successively by Turkish and Afghan rulers originating from the Delhi Sultanate until the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only as long as he or she is supported by the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's courage, and by taking Cedric's corpse, he shows self-confidence and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and other RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested after shootings in Frankfurt.
Together they formed New Music Manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The compact and strong hurricane caused massive damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18-20 feet hit the region.
Now it is the site of Meher Baba's samadhi (shrine tomb), as well as premises and accommodation for pilgrims.
The fallen dome of the main church was completely restored.
In 2005, Meisner became the second American to perform a triple axel at nationals.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine species of fish and nine species of seahorses were recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeastern Caribbean Sea, about 300 kilometers (176 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, PDF files cannot be distributed without further processing if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery in the company of Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain fell in the UK, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
Version 2009.1 includes a USB installer for creating a Live USB, where you can optionally save the user's configuration and personal data.
Roughly in line with party representation in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: Free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 deputies, Christian Democratic People's Party (CDP): 2 deputies, Social Democratic Party (SP): 2 deputies, and the Swiss People's Party (SPS): 1 MP.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially a fee paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of the scientific profession.
The Ohio State Library System includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland recognized Norway's dominance, but Scotland was able to repel the Norwegian invasion and conclude a favorable peace settlement.
Singles from the album include "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software with flexible software, but by then other operating systems had already exceeded their capabilities and it remained mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown, golden to beige-white, occasionally with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
Britannica was primarily a Scottish company, as evidenced by the logo with a thistle, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the September 22 warning was expanded southward as Jose strengthened, and then canceled shortly after it made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs against Iraqi Republican Guards in the initial stages of the fighting.
The latter sent information to the audience, which was later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film might have been like.
This is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the shadow economy of Third World countries cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped from Sydney Harbor several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan approached the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the start of the second game, the press agreed that the appearance of the "midget in the cake" did not meet the usual Vek advertising standard.
In a short video dedicated to the charity organization Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Frey is not over, Frey is back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test (formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test and the Scholastic Assessment Test) is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy gave rise to the medieval musical form of heislerliders, penitential songs sung by traveling groups of flagellants.
Some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
The court sentenced him to seven years of exile in Australia.
Vaux writes that Charles "sought love in those days" when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall...that opened into an enclosed and enchanted garden," a metaphor that permeates the work on many levels.
Her well-known friendship with the Russian mystic Grigory Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to the anatomical structures that are either located on this side of the animal or grow out of it.
The term "protein" itself was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and could be composed of the same type of (very large) molecule.
After the Girilderi raid, the gang went into hiding for 16 months, avoiding capture.
Barneville-la-Bortrand is a commune in the Calvado department in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
The color can vary from orange to yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added that ran north from Union Station, under University Avenue and Queens Park to Bloor Street, where it turned west and ended at St. George Street and Bloor Street.
Until 1980, a section of the Central Australian Commonwealth Railways ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on the old port route that leads west through the mountains to Unaleta.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmias or sudden cardiac death, or both.
As the largest sub-region of Mesoamerica, it covers a vast and diverse landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and its website and mentioned them on its official blog, along with an explanation of the reason for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree at the college, where it undergoes a thorough internal audit and requires official confirmation before changes are made.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985, but had limited distribution in educational institutions.
He toured with IPO in the spring of 1990, performing in the Soviet Union for the first time, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Meck surrenders his army to Napoleon's Grand Army in Ulm, bringing Napoleon more than 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the defeated.
It was the economic center of northern Nigeria, the center of production and export of groundnuts.
The majority of South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages, Maalayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
Meteora has received several awards and honors.
After a brief truce, the IAF cavalry turned around and attacked Caine and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard Sherman and Robert Sherman.
In the fifth century, Slavs began to move here.
Between 1900 and 1920, many new facilities were built on the campus, including rooms for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural science building, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two dormitories.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, USA.
It seems that Arzashkun is an Assyrian form of the Armenian name, which was formed from the name Arzash.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting call, she was selected among 15 candidates for the TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be designed and used in less restrictive environments.
The gymnasium hired first the famous Colombian coach Francisco Maturan and then Julio Cesar Falsiani, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979 (the 750th anniversary of the village), Głinde received its city charter.
Pauline returned in the Donkey Kong remake for the Game Boy in 1994 and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina is extremely elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal delivery.
His date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measurement indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance (infibitor) is needed to inhibit a particular biological process (or a component of a process, i.e., an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism) by half.
Although the name implies that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, part of the Bernese Alps is located in the neighboring cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had a daughter, later baptized Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During the interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting that not many people remembered or knew about this remarkable artist.
A string can vibrate in different modes, just like a guitar string can produce different notes, and each mode is represented by a different particle: an electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable also received an Oscar nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
